chore: add CLA check action (#15917)
mixxxdj/mixxx: CONTRIBUTING.md

* Check CI to ensure builds work and tests pass before merging. If CI timed out, either manually restart it or build the branch and run the tests locally before merging.
* When you merge a pull request to a stable branch, merge the stable branch to the beta branch afterwards. If you merge a pull request to a beta branch, merge the beta branch to `main` afterwards. When backporting, cherry-pick or rebase rather than merge.
* Merge PRs using a merge, to keep the original commits valid. Keep the default commit message "Merge pull request ..." with the reference to the pull request. In case where the PR contains broken (non-building) commits, back-and-forth commits or commits without a meaningful commit message that are not worth keeping, ask the author to squash the commits before merge. Alternatively you may ask the contributor to check "Allow edits and access to secrets by maintainers". Then you can squash locally or use the `/softfix` comment to squash remotely. See [Softfix](https://github.com/daschuer/softfix/?tab=readme-ov-file#softfix-a-pull-request)

> * Always make sure new contributors have signed the CLA. If a PR contains the `cla-pending` label, use `/check-cla` command once they acknowledge signing. Always be careful will unsolicited signature; if a new contributor express disagrements or issues signing, but the label gets removed, it could be that they weren't the one signing it. Always ask them to confirm in this case.

Reviewer: Isn't this automatic, without the `/check-cla` comment?

Author: The initial check is, but...

> If a PR contains the `cla-pending` label, use `/check-cla` command once they acknowledge signing

> * Always make sure new contributors have signed the CLA. If a PR contains the `cla-pending` label, use `/check-cla` command once they acknowledge signing. Always be careful will unsolicited signature; if a new contributor express disagrements or issues signing, but the label gets removed, it could be that they weren't the one signing it. Always ask them to confirm in this case.

Author: ```suggestion
* Always make sure new contributors have signed the CLA. If a PR contains the `cla-pending` label, use `/check-cla` command once they acknowledge signing. Always be careful with unsolicited signature; if a new contributor express disagreements or issues signing,, it could be that they weren't the one signing it. Always make sure they have acknowledge signing (thumb up on CLA notice or explicit comment).
```
